---
layout: post
date: '2018-12-28 10:26 -0500'
active: gallery
published: false
---
## A New Post

Styrofoam Tech Couch - Win

One of the weirdest projects I came up with this year was the idea to wrap some batted fabric around a piece of recycled styrofoam to make this silly little "electronics couch." Even weirder was that it actually came in handy this year as a cute way to organize our game controllers and remotes. It still reminds me of those weird little cellphone chairs you could buy at Claire's Club in the mid 2000's, though. 

DIY Z Pallete - Wash

This has been a year in which I explored "personal beauty." And boy, did I explore "beauty" when I made this stupid thing. The idea was that you can make your own custom eyeshadow pallete if you bust all your eyeshadow rounds out of the packages and stick them all on a magnetic Z Pallete. The problem was, my current collection of makeup was so cheap it wasn't magnetic, so when I went to make my Z pallete I ended up just gluing these guys in. The finished product didn't really serve useful to me and I don't think it really saved much time either. Plus, it was a huge mess, trying to dig all my eyeshadows out of their plastic encasings. I gouged like, all of them. I wouldn't want to try this again with my nicer shadows I upgraded to later in the year. This would only be useful if you had just a TON of mini crappy eyeshadows that you used all the time but constantly had to dig around to find the perfect color. And even then, maybe I'd suggest just upgrading to better eyeshadow, or buying an awesome custom Z pallete off of Etsy instead. The idea behind this thing intriuges me, I was just never able to pull it off.

Candy Boquets

Patch Board

Basket Weaving

Sprucing up dollar baskets

Best Project This Year: The Website

Pillow Cases out of Tshirts

Shitty DIY candles
Candle Redemption

Reupholstery with Racheal - Win

Rainbow Fish Uke

DIY Skirt and Skirt Remakes

Duct Tape Organizer

Makeup Magnetic Thing

DIY Stickers

Diy Socks and Bags




Enter text in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). Use the toolbar above, or click the **?** button for formatting help.
